{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft YaHei;}{\f4\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Lucida Sans;}{\f5\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset128 Lucida Sans;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue128;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\hich\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af4\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 Default;}
{\*\cs15\snext15\cf2\ul\ulc0\langfe255\lang255\lang255 Internet Link;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext17\sb240\sa120\keepn\hich\af3\dbch\af4\afs28\loch\f2\fs28 Heading;}
{\s17\sbasedon0\snext17\sb0\sa120 Text body;}
{\s18\sbasedon17\snext18\sb0\sa120\dbch\af5 List;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\sb120\sa120\noline\i\dbch\af5\afs24\ai\fs24 Caption;}
{\s20\sbasedon0\snext20\noline\dbch\af5 Index;}
}{\info{\author Jeffrey Jamon}{\creatim\yr2022\mo1\dy10\hr8\min48}{\revtim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\comment OpenOffice}{\vern41110}}\deftab420

{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt0 Default;}}
\formshade\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\sectunlocked1\pgndec\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pgndec\pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\hich\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af4\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Jeffrey Karl Jamon}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\hich\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af4\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\hich\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af4\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
(505)495-0114}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\hich\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af4\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\hich\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af4\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "mailto:jeffjamon@protonmail.com" }{\fldrslt \cf2\ul\ulc0\langfe255\lang255\lang255\rtlch \ltrch\loch
jeffjamon@protonmail.com}}}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\hich\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af4\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\hich\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af4\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
January 10, 2022}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\hich\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af4\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\hich\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af4\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Dear Encantado,}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\hich\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af4\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\hich\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af4\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
I am pleased to be part of the Encantado team as a Web Developer. My focus to detail and artistic eye applying coding in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Pearl, and MySQL along with my ability in graphics using GIMP and Photoshop matches well with the requirements. My background implementing several technologies that produce online content that is varied and created with many file types, media, and operating systems.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\hich\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af4\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\hich\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af4\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Projects typically start with clients telling me their original ideas with references to technology they have seen and I create it with the latest version of GNU publicly licensed software on current operating systems. There are photos or original files supplied by the client that are applied to the final product. Solutions for carrying out the task are drawn from 23 years of experience with overlapping technologies of web development, hosting, computer repair, graphic design, printing, scanning, vinyl cutting, electronic technologies, screen printing, video editing, photography, audio editing, 3D modeling, 3D printing, and various art disciplines.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\hich\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af4\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\hich\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af4\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
I had the good fortune to work with people of different levels of talent and specialists that were at times the clients themselves. 2 people stand out as geniuses as graphic artist: my classmate Aaron Quintana and my cousin Robin Lasiloo. To see  talented people make technical process an art form is humbling and a joy to be part of. When there are those that excel in doing one part of the creation process I can see the world through their eyes because I was there myself and remember the very next step that could help all of us broaden our horizons to help use continue to work efficiently with each other. Masters to newcomers of these fields I have been able to work with on many projects from helping a painter turn his sketch into a scaled printout with an inch to foot ratio to help him pain a mural or creating an identity for a business that includes, business cards, brochures, magazines, T-shirts and websites.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\hich\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af4\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sb0\sa120{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Thank you for taking the time to review my credentials and accomplishments. I am very passionate about being a competent and contributing team player, and I hope to have the opportunity to discuss my examples in greater detail with you. I look forward to answering your questions and learning more about this position and your development teams.}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sb0\sa120{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Sincerely,}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sb0\sa120\sb0\sa120{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Jeffrey Karl Jamon}
\par }